it's my little gentleman who does not exist and
today we find ourselves for new
bleach video on the game gta 5
today I will go back in glitch for
walt preach did not appreciate what I
say yeah ben ammar of pins a donation
to go out you have in your garage
where you have big between garage so
in the apartment at 400,000 guess that
walk in other cases rage tried
and tell me comments if it works
so that's what makes you my mom
documentary and videos in this corner
also follow the same path otherwise you
go out of your garage this will be
really very hot it was going to go on
your internet phone has rejuvenated
service bank menu main menu you
do you go in go remove the
maximum amount of money you have in the
bank below 100 thousand I think
that should be enough
Europe needs more or less
so that's it if you have more this is what
will not be very serious but it will be either
cheaper
then everything went on dee nasty fast
never find a property etc
a number 31
I was going to put bought the property you
happen that they'll put us a
error message understand you do not have
not enough money
I like to be believed or otherwise wanted
wiretap
so do not worry you do not
do not lose money with these blues
it's a little club like that after
you're going to do too much to leave the
playstation network
so by the way I find that the
playstation network prices are
really abused so much makes a bide
ground that comes largely largely
cheaper because it's free even so
it will really be a place to make a
singer slider to buy chouf her
members with so here is the
loading is a little bit long you
was waiting now here you have not
reappear in your garage on dee
nasty fast otherwise you art
would appear in your garage but without
dynasty quickly we will celebrate and you
see that it's not like you
were the normal siding and in no
of car and it's like you were
outside you see the shops etc
so you see that you can be
drawn so it's really a register
very epic because for you can invite
people who have a bonus in
your garage and istis bah voila I am
in the garage while waiting and here I am
will not get killed and ben if he goes
still be killed here I hope
that this keyzer video has been raining especially
a city by the la who is to comment
it would really make me very happy and
subscribe to my channel if it's not
to try to see the chao
and